Insurgents grabbed the 66-year-old archbishop and stuffed him in the trunk . ''	One of the soldiers on trial , Lance Cpl. Darren Larkin , admitted assaulting an unidentified man at the base .	The contracting office and the projects it finances employ about 155 government workers in Baghdad and the United States , about 250 contractors in Iraq and just over 100,000 Iraqis who work on the construction itself .	Together , Robert , 92 , and Peter , 90 , will produce a small barrel of wine -- 60 magnums to be exact -- to be sold next summer at the Napa Valley Auction , the California wine world 's premier social event .	Insurgents on Tuesday released a Syrian Catholic archbishop they had snatched from the streets of Mosul the day before , but a few hours later a new hostage drama opened when eight Chinese construction workers were shown forlornly staring at a video camera with masked men pointing guns at their heads .	
He said the one-time joint winemaking venture was meant in part to show family solidarity in the light of his uncle 's recent reverses .	It 's treason if you do n't vote because it will arouse a civil war . ''	Among American and Iraqi officials , estimates of the number of insurgents have fluctuated wildly , from the thousands , as the Pentagon has said , to the hundreds of thousands , as many Iraqi officials say .	In some ways that was a benefit . ''	American and Iraqi officials are desperately trying to draw Sunni Arabs , who are a fifth of the population but who are thought to make up the bulk of the resistance , into the electoral process .	
Just weeks after losing his world-famous winery , Robert Mondavi is going back into the wine business , briefly , with a surprising partner -- his brother Peter .	It will be a small venture .	John D. Negroponte , the American ambassador to Iraq , said he was confident that '' elections can and will be conducted successfully , '' but he acknowledged that there was no end in sight to the insurgency and that American officials still did not know how big it was .	For his brother it is a vindication of sorts of his quieter style of running a major winery , in this case , the Charles Krug Winery , just up the road from the Robert Mondavi Winery in the Napa Valley .	Its business is divided into two parts , one producing inexpensive wines under the CK Mondavi label , the other concentrating on high-end wines .	
Also , the Iraqi interior minister issued a bleak forecast , saying that unless enough people vote in the elections on Jan. 30 , the country would tear itself apart . ''	Tim Mondavi was his father 's chief winemaker before the sale .	The two other soldiers , Cpl. Daniel Kenyon and Lance Cpl. Mark Cooley , denied all the charges .	I thought these were the last minutes of my life , '' he said .	But according to an Iraqi cable television station , at least one group of Sunni tribes in Tikrit announced Tuesday that it would take part in the elections .	
I told them , you do not know me , '' he said . ''	British news reports likened the incidents to abuse by American soldiers at Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad .	For the first time since his teenage years , Robert Mondavi has no formal connection to a winery .	Both branches of the family were represented at a dinner in New York last night given by Wine Enthusiast Magazine to honor Mel Dick , a prominent distributor .	The car tried to burst into the building but the brave guards faced it , '' said Reza Jawad Taki , a party officer .	
We are Christians , and we believe the Americans are occupiers . ''	There was never any thought of a public offering to raise cash , he said , a pointed reference to Robert Mondavi 's public issue in the 1990 's and that winery 's subsequent and ultimately unsuccessful struggle to satisfy stockholder expectations .	Everything was n't static .	Recounting his abduction , the archbishop said he was coming home from work on Monday evening , just around dusk , when a car suddenly blocked the road in front of him and gunmen jumped out .	Many Sunni political parties are boycotting the vote , calling it illegitimate .	
It represents a formal healing of a breach that kept the two branches of the renowned wine family apart for almost half a century and it represents , too , a recognition that while the two factions may have stood for different ways of winemaking , they were in the long run , not as far apart as they once had thought .	Mr. Naqib did not specify how much voter turnout would qualify as a good election .	Peter Mondavi Jr. said he and his cousin , Tim , Robert 's younger son , would make the wine , each contributing half a barrel from their cellars .	If there are not good elections , we wo n't have a constitution , and there will be chaos , and we will have a civil war , '' the minister , Falah Hassan al-Naqib , said at a news conference in the heavily fortified Interior Ministry in Baghdad .	But it will be the first public collaboration of the two nonagenarians since a legendary dispute some 40 years ago that prompted Robert to split with his family and start his own business .	
In an interview yesterday , Peter Mondavi Jr. said the breach between his father and his uncle had been closing slowly in recent years .	Elsewhere , an American soldier was killed in western Iraq , the military said Tuesday .	Mr. Naqib , the interior minister , talking about insurgent attacks , said that from the beginning there has been a conspiracy to undermine the rebuilding of Iraq , and that it may only get worse . ''	Two former officials at the project office said that uncertainty over exactly who would be in charge of various projects had caused morale problems among some members of a staff that is already coping with work in an extremely dangerous place far from home .	Also on Tuesday , news agencies reported that gunmen recently killed three political candidates in different parts of the country , and the government announced that it was closing the borders during the election , except for Muslim pilgrims returning from Saudi Arabia .	
Even with the changes , it is unlikely that the project office will vanish entirely over the next year , because some projects are still in the planning stages and because moving the dozens of government employees into new jobs will be a major task in itself .	In Baghdad on Tuesday , an American soldier was killed by a bomb blast , and at least one member of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , a leading Shiite political party , was killed by a suicide bombing.The familiar residue of charred car parts and spilled motor oil littered the streets in front of the party 's headquarters . ''	Christians make up about 3 percent of Iraq 's total population .	[ In a suicide car-bombing early Wednesday , Reuters reported , two people were killed near the Australian Embassy in Baghdad .	The contracting office said that 1,550 projects were currently under way , and that $ 2.4 billion had been spent , out of $ 13.95 billion committed specifically to reconstruction .	
But one of the former officials said that by preventing the project office from becoming a permanent government institution , there was also a positive slant to the shift . ''	-------------------- 3 Britons on Trial in Abuse Case ( By The New York Times ) , LONDON , Jan. 16 -- The British Army opened court-martial proceedings against three soldiers accused of abusing Iraqi prisoners who were thought to have stolen from a British base near Basra in May 2003 .	( Some of the original $ 18.4 billion allocated by Congress has gone to the training of Iraqi security forces and other projects unrelated to construction . )	The eight Chinese workers are still missing , and the only clue to their whereabouts is a hazy video shot in front of a brick wall and broadcast Tuesday on several Arab television channels .	Officials from the International Organization for Migration announced Tuesday that more than 18,000 Iraqi expatriates in 14 countries registered Monday to vote in Iraq 's election .	
In the United States , 3,270 Iraqis registered .	The court , at a British military base in Osnabrück , Germany , was shown photographs taken by five British soldiers of Iraqis , often naked , forced to simulate sexual acts and being beaten or mistreated .	Tim Mondavi , standing with his cousin Peter at the dinner , said of his family 's problems : '' We did n't want it to happen , but it happened .	He said the insurgents kept asking the same question : Are you an American spy ? ''	With over 850 acres of vineyards , the Krug winery -- which has no connections with Krug Champagne in France , is one of the largest land owners in the Napa Valley .	
This bureaucracy had n't settled in , '' the former official said . ''	The planned changes have not been disclosed publicly , but they have been discussed in staff meetings since at least September .	The archbishop was released Tuesday morning .	The insurgents said in a statement that the Chinese men were working for the American military and demanded that the Chinese government , which has stayed relatively quiet on the issue of Iraq , declare its opinion of the occupation .	The lighthearted venture , arranged by the brothers ' winemaking sons , is heavy with symbolism , coming as it does so soon after the implosion of the Robert Mondavi Winery and its subsequent sale to Constellation Brands late last year for about $ 1 billion .	
A few minutes later , a second suicide car-bombing killed six people near a police building in the north-central area of the city , Agence France-Presse reported . ]	The Mondavi brothers ' father , Cesare , a grape shipper in the Central Valley , bought Charles Krug in 1943 for his sons to run .	Certain religious and political groups -- Iraqis , but helped by others -- are trying to fragment this country , '' he said . ''	The sons bickered over how to run the business , culminating in the 1965 altercation .	The newly released archbishop , Basile Georges Casmoussa , was in a jovial mood as he met with well-wishers at his Eastern Rite Catholic church in Mosul , a crime-ridden city in northern Iraq that contains one of Iraq 's larger Christian communities .	
