According to the lawsuit , Mr. Salinas Pliego failed to inform shareholders about a complex deal between Unefon , TV Azteca 's phone unit , and a company formed by Mr. Salinas Pliego and an associate , Moises Saba .That company , called Codisco , bought Unefon debt at a deep discount .Four months later , Mr. Salinas Pliego reaped more than $ 109 million in suspected ill-gotten profits by selling the Unefon debt back , at full price , to TV Azteca .According to the S.E.C. , Mr. Salinas Pliego not only failed to disclose the transaction to his board , as the law requires for any related-party transaction , but he also misrepresented the nature of the transaction to his board , the press and the S.E.C. '' After the resignation of TV Azteca 's U.S. legal counsel and a Dec. 24 , 2003 , New York Times article concerning the matter , Mr. Echarte sent an e-mail to Mr. Salinas Pliego and Mr. Padilla stating , ` The damage is done and the situation that we did n't want to explain openly is now in the hands of the press , '' ' according to the S.E.C. press release .Stephen M. Cutler , director of enforcement at the S.E.C. , said : '' Salinas took from the company a valuable corporate opportunity and over a period of many months concealed that transaction in violation of the U.S. securities laws .The federal securities laws are designed to ensure full and fair disclosure about related party transactions . ''Mexico 's main securities regulator , the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores , has been conducting its own investigation of the Codisco-Unefon affair and has now determined that Mexican securities laws were broken , a top official said Tuesday .The people of California knew exactly what I stood for and said to me , ` Barbara , go and be a truth teller , '' ' she said in an interview after the hearings .The exchanges between the two accomplished women -- '' she 's a very good debater and I 'm a pretty good debater , and that 's interesting , '' the senator said -- marked some of the most compelling moments during hearings that had a certain outcome , since Ms. Rice 's confirmation was never in doubt .Even so , the publicity that their sharp exchanges attracted may have helped persuade the Democrats to demand on Wednesday a debate on the nomination on the Senate floor as well , which would delay the confirmation vote until next week .Republicans privately accused her of grandstanding and playing to the party 's left wing , but conceded that that was her prerogative .Supporters of Ms. Rice said Ms. Boxer had inflicted no damage on the nominee , who on Tuesday cautioned the senator about '' impugning my integrity . ''Democratic colleagues said they had no doubt about the Californian 's sincerity . ''I do n't always agree with her , '' said Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York , who has known Ms. Boxer since she was elected to the House in 1982 . ''But she is wholly genuine .She really believes what she says .She feels it strongly .We picked based on the best value for the mission , '' Mr. Young said in a Pentagon briefing . ''There are no political influences on this .I was not asked by anyone to pick a particular one . ''To emphasize the point , Mr. Young added , '' No one at the White House contacted me . ''The selection of a new presidential helicopter fleet -- the helicopters are designated Marine One when the president is on board -- took on new urgency after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , when more communications equipment was added to the existing fleet , making the current models heavier and less maneuverable , especially at low altitudes .The new helicopters will be able to carry more weight , and fly farther and faster than the ones that currently ferry the president . ''This announcement is a strong endorsement of a two-way street with Europe , '' said Richard Aboulafia , an analyst with the Teal Group , an aerospace research firm in northern Virginia . ''It is , however , hard to deny that politics played a role when the winner is two of the United States ' Iraq War allies and you have a case of Connecticut versus Texas . ''The other lead player in the Lockheed team is Bell Helicopter , which is based in Amarillo , Tex. .Lobbying for the Lockheed-AgustaWestland team took place at the highest levels .Nine current and former sales executives from an assortment of food companies were charged yesterday with participating in a scheme that created a huge accounting fraud at U.S. Foodservice , which has been under investigation in the United States and in the Netherlands for the last two years .The executives were arraigned in Federal District Court in Manhattan on conspiracy charges and released .They worked for companies that sold products like sugar , eggs , seafood and cake mix to U.S. Foodservice , which in turn supplied restaurants , corporate dining rooms and other institutions .All the executives are accused of approving documents that claimed U.S. Foodservice , a unit of Royal Ahold , was owed millions of dollars more in promotional allowances -- a type of rebate offered by manufacturers to stores and distributors -- than was actually the case .The scheme had the effect of inflating U.S. Foodservice 's profits , prosecutors say .The letters were issued by a former U.S. Foodservice chief marketing officer , Mark P. Kaiser , according to court documents .Mr. Kaiser is awaiting trial on conspiracy and fraud charges , along with Michael J. Resnick , the former chief financial officer .Two other former U.S. Foodservice executives , Timothy J. Lee and William F. Carter , pleaded guilty to similar charges last summer .All the defendants charged yesterday signed audit letters containing false information at the request of Mr. Kaiser , the documents state . ''Their motivation was to maintain a very important business relationship , '' the acting United States attorney for Manhattan , David N. Kelley , said .The aircraft was the first large plane acquired by the new Iraqi Air Force , which was one of the most powerful in the Middle East before it was decimated by bombing attacks in the 1991 Persian Gulf war .Dr. Allawi 's remarks were made on a day when attacks underlined , once again , how insurgents have turned wide areas of the country , including Baghdad , into what is effectively enemy territory , with an ability to strike almost at will , and to shake off the losses inflicted by American troops .The attacks in Baghdad on Wednesday were aimed at the approaches to the Australian Embassy and four Iraqi security targets , including a police station , an army garrison and a bank where policemen were lining up to receive their monthly pay .The attacks , four of them within 90 minutes in the morning rush hour , rattled windows and doors miles away .Spread across a wide area of the city , they wounded dozens of people , most of them Iraqi civilians , in addition to those killed , and served as a reminder of the insurgents ' power to spread mayhem across the capital only 11 days before the elections .American commanders have sought to prepare public opinion in Iraq and abroad for one of the bloodiest chapters in the war so far , saying the escalation of violence promised by the insurgents can be diminished to a degree , but not prevented , by an increasing tempo of American military raids on insurgent groups .The American hope is that the voting , for a national assembly and provincial councils , will help turn the tide by drawing a strong turnout among more than 14 million eligible voters , despite the threat of attacks by Sunni insurgents on polling stations , candidates and voters , and a boycott of the election being urged by powerful figures in regions where Iraq 's Sunni minority population predominates .In almost any foreseeable outcome of the election , the Sunnis face the prospect , for the first time in centuries , of ceding political power in Baghdad to the country 's 60 percent Shiite majority .Wednesday 's deadliest attack occurred near a police station and Al Alahi hospital in the Alwiyah district of eastern Baghdad .The American command said a suicide car bomber killed 18 people , including 5 Iraqi policemen , and that 15 other people had been wounded .Certain religious and political groups -- Iraqis , but helped by others -- are trying to fragment this country , '' he said . ''It 's treason if you do n't vote because it will arouse a civil war . ''American and Iraqi officials are desperately trying to draw Sunni Arabs , who are a fifth of the population but who are thought to make up the bulk of the resistance , into the electoral process .Many Sunni political parties are boycotting the vote , calling it illegitimate .But according to an Iraqi cable television station , at least one group of Sunni tribes in Tikrit announced Tuesday that it would take part in the elections .Officials from the International Organization for Migration announced Tuesday that more than 18,000 Iraqi expatriates in 14 countries registered Monday to vote in Iraq 's election .In the United States , 3,270 Iraqis registered .Monday was the first day to register , and the process will run through Sunday .In Baghdad on Tuesday , an American soldier was killed by a bomb blast , and at least one member of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , a leading Shiite political party , was killed by a suicide bombing.The familiar residue of charred car parts and spilled motor oil littered the streets in front of the party 's headquarters . ''The car tried to burst into the building but the brave guards faced it , '' said Reza Jawad Taki , a party officer .In an interview yesterday , Peter Mondavi Jr. said the breach between his father and his uncle had been closing slowly in recent years .He said the one-time joint winemaking venture was meant in part to show family solidarity in the light of his uncle 's recent reverses .He also said that Krug , which is entirely family owned and run by his father , his brother Mark and himself , is just completing a $ 20 million renovation and expansion , all of it financed internally .There was never any thought of a public offering to raise cash , he said , a pointed reference to Robert Mondavi 's public issue in the 1990 's and that winery 's subsequent and ultimately unsuccessful struggle to satisfy stockholder expectations .With over 850 acres of vineyards , the Krug winery -- which has no connections with Krug Champagne in France , is one of the largest land owners in the Napa Valley .Its business is divided into two parts , one producing inexpensive wines under the CK Mondavi label , the other concentrating on high-end wines .Peter Mondavi Jr. said he and his cousin , Tim , Robert 's younger son , would make the wine , each contributing half a barrel from their cellars .Tim Mondavi was his father 's chief winemaker before the sale .Both branches of the family were represented at a dinner in New York last night given by Wine Enthusiast Magazine to honor Mel Dick , a prominent distributor .Tim Mondavi , standing with his cousin Peter at the dinner , said of his family 's problems : '' We did n't want it to happen , but it happened .Recounting his abduction , the archbishop said he was coming home from work on Monday evening , just around dusk , when a car suddenly blocked the road in front of him and gunmen jumped out .Insurgents grabbed the 66-year-old archbishop and stuffed him in the trunk . ''I thought these were the last minutes of my life , '' he said .He said the insurgents kept asking the same question : Are you an American spy ? ''I told them , you do not know me , '' he said . ''We are Christians , and we believe the Americans are occupiers . ''The archbishop was released Tuesday morning .The eight Chinese workers are still missing , and the only clue to their whereabouts is a hazy video shot in front of a brick wall and broadcast Tuesday on several Arab television channels .The insurgents said in a statement that the Chinese men were working for the American military and demanded that the Chinese government , which has stayed relatively quiet on the issue of Iraq , declare its opinion of the occupation .Mr. Naqib , the interior minister , talking about insurgent attacks , said that from the beginning there has been a conspiracy to undermine the rebuilding of Iraq , and that it may only get worse . ''In a major shift within the much-criticized $ 18.4 billion program to rebuild Iraq 's physical infrastructure , the office that the Pentagon formed to oversee the effort will begin handing its responsibilities over to the United States Army Corps of Engineers over the next several months .Charles Hess , the director of the agency , the Project and Contracting Office , said in a telephone interview from Baghdad that the change was a natural evolution .He denied that the move was a response to Iraqi and American criticism that the reconstruction effort had focused too much on large projects , started up too slowly and failed to anticipate attacks by insurgents .As the United States tries to lay the groundwork for a functioning Iraqi government before elections on Jan. 30 , some criticisms of the reconstruction program have carried a particular sting : a major goal of the reconstruction , from power plants and sewage-treatment plants to roads and fire stations , was to persuade ordinary Iraqis of the good will and competence of the post-Saddam Hussein authorities .While the Army corps has increased electricity output and both agencies have put in place other , smaller-scale projects , most major efforts have faced major delays .Insurgent attacks have hit both the projects and the workers , prompting some large companies to pull out of Iraq , sending security costs skyrocketing and forcing the elimination or scaling down of dozens of projects .Mr. Hess defended the reconstruction program as successful , given the hard realities of Iraq , and said the gradual shift of responsibility to the Army corps , with its history of managing construction project in conflict zones , had long been envisioned .But Rick Barton , co-director of the post-conflict reconstruction program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said the shift '' is a further confirmation that the place is n't safe . '' ''I assume that the Army corps feels better about going places that are just plain dangerous , '' he said .The corps has largely avoided the criticism that has dogged the project office .'' WHAT stresses me most , '' the chief executive of Novartis , Daniel L. Vasella , said , '' is that we are getting new regulations from abroad without any consultation . ''This has been the World Economic Forum that the United States government largely passed by .In a world that both respects and fears American power , there is worry that the United States does not care what others think .Or , as Tony Blair , the prime minister of Britain , put it in a speech to the forum , '' If America wants the rest of the world to be part of the agenda it has set , it must be part of their agenda , too . ''He added , '' What people want is not for America to concede , but for America to engage . ''It is a fair bet that Mr. Blair has given little thought to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or to the way the Securities and Exchange Commission can adjust accounting rules , which is what concerns Mr. Vasella .Mr. Blair was more concerned with global warming and world poverty .The twin American deficits figured into concerns that the United States would do as it pleases regardless of the possible impact on the world economy . ''I do n't see the budget deficit being dealt with , '' said Jacob Frenkel , the former head of Israel 's central bank and now a vice chairman of the American International Group , a large insurance company . ''I am concerned with the U.S. current-account deficit , not because it can not be dealt with but because of the way it is not being dealt with . ''[ In a suicide car-bombing early Wednesday , Reuters reported , two people were killed near the Australian Embassy in Baghdad .A few minutes later , a second suicide car-bombing killed six people near a police building in the north-central area of the city , Agence France-Presse reported . ]Elsewhere , an American soldier was killed in western Iraq , the military said Tuesday .Also on Tuesday , news agencies reported that gunmen recently killed three political candidates in different parts of the country , and the government announced that it was closing the borders during the election , except for Muslim pilgrims returning from Saudi Arabia .-------------------- 3 Britons on Trial in Abuse Case ( By The New York Times ) , LONDON , Jan. 16 -- The British Army opened court-martial proceedings against three soldiers accused of abusing Iraqi prisoners who were thought to have stolen from a British base near Basra in May 2003 .The court , at a British military base in Osnabrück , Germany , was shown photographs taken by five British soldiers of Iraqis , often naked , forced to simulate sexual acts and being beaten or mistreated .British news reports likened the incidents to abuse by American soldiers at Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad .One of the soldiers on trial , Lance Cpl. Darren Larkin , admitted assaulting an unidentified man at the base .The two other soldiers , Cpl. Daniel Kenyon and Lance Cpl. Mark Cooley , denied all the charges .Insurgents detonated five powerful truck and car bombs across Baghdad on Wednesday , killing 26 people , at least 9 of them members of Iraq 's fledgling security forces .The attacks came as Iraq 's interim prime minister , Ayad Allawi , said he would reveal plans next week for an accelerated buildup of those forces to prepare for an eventual American withdrawal .Responding to political pressures within Iraq ahead of the Jan. 30 elections and mounting questions in Washington about the prospects for an American pullout , Dr. Allawi said he had been talking with the United States commanders in Baghdad about ways to accelerate the '' training , equipping and deploying '' of Iraqi security forces .He added that '' this in turn will accelerate the drawdown and gradual withdrawal of the multinational forces in Iraq . ''Those forces are made up of about 150,000 troops from the United States and upward of 25,000 from other nations .But Dr. Allawi raised the tantalizing prospect of an eventual American withdrawal while giving little away , insisting that a pullout could not be tied to a fixed timetable , but rather to the Iraqi forces ' progress toward standing on their own .That formula is similar to what President Bush and other senior administration officials have spoken about .Some American military commanders have said privately that with this approach and considering the demoralization , desertion and unwillingness to fight common among Iraqi forces trained so far , American troops could be tied down for years , unless elections or other political developments bring the war to an unexpected end . ''I will be explaining this carefully planned process -- what I call a ` conditions based ' rather than a ` calendar based ' gradual withdrawal program , in more detail next week , '' Dr. Allawi told reporters at a ceremony at Baghdad airport .He was there to accept the first of three C-130 military transport planes that Iraq is to receive as part of the American-financed buildup of Iraqi forces .It is also unusual in that it seeks to prevent Mr. Salinas Pliego , who owns a controlling stake in the company , from acting as an officer or director of TV Azteca or any other public company .If the S.E.C. is victorious , it would have try to find ways to restrict Mr. Salinas Pliego from exercising control by voting his shares , perhaps by putting his stock in a trust , people close to the agency say .The action also highlights a trend of the S.E.C. 's trying to enforce United States securities laws against foreign companies whose stocks and bonds are listed on American markets . ''Geographic boundaries will not serve to protect those who seek to defraud investors , '' said Spencer C. Barasch , associate district administrator at the S.E.C. '' When companies , domestic or foreign , avail themselves of our capital markets , they have the same responsibility to adhere to U.S. securities law . ''TV Azteca , whose depository shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange , is a unit of Azteca Holdings , which is controlled by Mr. Salinas Pliego .TV Azteca is one of the fastest-growing Spanish-language networks in the United States , reaching some 77 percent of Latino homes .The S.E.C. also filed suit against Pedro Padilla Longoria , the former chief executive of TV Azteca , and Luis J. Echarte Fernández , president and chief of Azteca America and chief financial officer of Grupo Salinas .Both men are directors of TV Azteca .Mr. Echarte Fernández paid a civil penalty of $ 200,000 to settle with the agency .He neither admitted nor denied any wrongdoing .After a contest that had pitted domestic pride against global politics , the Pentagon yesterday chose an international team , headed by Lockheed Martin , to build the next fleet of presidential helicopters over Sikorsky Aircraft , which had positioned itself as the '' all-American '' choice .In selecting Lockheed , which will receive $ 1.7 billion initially to begin the program , the Pentagon signaled a new openness to foreign partners on sensitive military tasks .By doing so , it also rewarded Britain and Italy , two of the United States ' staunchest allies in the Iraq War .The helicopter fleet , which will be ready in 2009 , will be built by a joint venture of Lockheed and AgustaWestland , a British-Italian venture that designed much of the helicopter and will make about a third of it .John Young , the assistant Navy secretary who made the announcement , argued that politics played no role in the selection .But it was immediately denounced as '' outrageously wrong '' by Senator Joseph Lieberman , a Connecticut Democrat , who lobbied strongly for Sikorsky to continue building the White House 's helicopters , a role that dates back to the Eisenhower era .Sikorsky , a subsidiary of United Technologies , is based in Connecticut .New York 's Congressional delegation , by contrast , lined up with the Lockheed group , supporting it because some of the work will be done at a new Lockheed plant in upstate New York .The $ 6.1 billion contract -- $ 3.6 billion for the fleet of 23 helicopters and the rest for research and development -- is far from the Pentagon 's largest .But it is full of symbolic value and was seen as a critical test of the Pentagon 's willingness to do business with foreign military companies . ''Senator Charles E. Schumer , the New York Democrat , said yesterday that he had spoken to Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell '' to get them to use their influence to secure Lockheed the contract . ''And Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , Democrat of New York , who had flown in Marine One as first lady , personally telephoned Mr. Blair before a recent meeting with President Bush to urge him to press for Lockheed .Senator Clinton was at the plant in Owego , N.Y. , where Lockheed will make part of the craft , yesterday and called the presidential helicopter an '' Oval Office in the sky . ''Many in Congress opposed to Lockheed 's international team argued that the president should be ferried only in a helicopter that was American designed and made .To quell those concerns , Lockheed lined up a roster of suppliers around the country and committed itself to making the airframes in Texas .It also agreed to set up a new plant in upstate New York and spread work to companies in California and New England .On the Sikorsky side , many members of Congress who had lobbied for it expressed bitter disappointment with the decision . ''Made in America should mean something , '' said Rosa L. DeLauro , a Democratic representative from Stratford , Conn. , as she stood outside the Sikorsky plant there . ''The Defense Department has some explaining to do . ''And Duncan Hunter , a California Republican who is a staunch '' Buy America '' proponent and serves as chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , deplored the decision . ''While some Democrats are still struggling to find their voices after November 's election losses , Senator Barbara Boxer of California is not among them .Her full-throated and combative questioning of Condoleezza Rice during two days of hearings on her nomination to be secretary of state was a vivid illustration of the aggressive posture that Ms. Boxer , a 64-year-old liberal from Marin County , near San Francisco , brought back to Washington after rolling up a big margin of victory in her re-election to a third term .Before casting one of two Democratic votes against Ms. Rice on the Foreign Relations Committee -- the other was John Kerry 's -- Ms. Boxer explained bluntly why she had been so persistent in pressing the national security adviser on what Ms. Boxer portrayed as the administration 's misleading and misguided rationale for the war in Iraq . ''The fact is we 've lost so many lives over it , '' she said . ''So if we do get a little testy on the point , and I admit to be so , it 's because it continues day in and day out , and 25 percent of the dead are from California .We can not forget .We can not forget that . ''Her jousting with Ms. Rice made her the most outspoken foe in the hearings .And it came after Ms. Boxer earlier this month joined a handful of House Democrats in forcing a debate on the legitimacy of the presidential electoral votes from Ohio ; she was the only senator to vote to challenge Ohio 's votes .It is clear that she is interpreting her easy win in November , when she accumulated the third-largest number of votes in the nation , behind only the presidential contenders , as a mandate of her own . ''Awash in cash and practically debt free , Royal Philips Electronics said Thursday that it would buy back up to 750 million euros ( $ 978 million ) of its own stock this year and search for acquisition targets even as a previous purchase put a dent in its fourth-quarter earnings .Philips , the Dutch health care and technology concern , said a 16.7 percent decline in its fourth-quarter profit , to 498 million euros , was a result of a significant write-down of its stake in MedQuist , a medical transcription company that is the subject of class-action lawsuits and investigations by securities regulators .Philips 's fourth-quarter sales rose 2 percent , to 9.18 billion euros , compared with the same period a year earlier .Both its sales and net profit results exceeded many analysts ' expectations .Philips had announced the MedQuist write-down of 576 million euros last November , and it was one of only a few negative notes in otherwise upbeat annual results .For the year , net profits at Philips rose more than 300 percent to 2.84 billion euros ( $ 3.7 billion ) compared with 695 million euros the year before .Operating profit was 1.6 billion euros compared with 488 million euros in 2003 .Sales increased 4.5 percent , to 30.3 billion euros .The results for Philips and its plan to buy back shares drove its share price up 4.45 percent , to 19.50 euros .Jan Hommen , the chief financial officer , said that Philips believed its stock was undervalued . ''And this hard-jacketed form of persuasion may actually be more effective than the classic instruments of soft power , at least as they are embodied in popular culture .Nye argues that , whatever its flaws , our culture projects the core values of '' democracy , personal freedom , upward mobility and openness . ''Well , maybe that 's the subtext of '' The Day After Tomorrow '' and '' The Apprentice , '' but you could make at least as good a case that our coarse entertainment products have proved even more frighteningly hegemonic than our military .Of course we should have exchange programs and American libraries abroad and all the other tools of public diplomacy .But it will not be easy for even the best expressions of American culture to escape the overwhelming suspicion that now dogs all things American .The same is true , naturally , of humanitarian helicopter missions .But at least these are acts , with an unambiguously positive outcome .And the use of our immense hard power for soft purposes has the additional benefit of humanizing the fierce image inevitably projected by that power : the same military that shocks and awes can also save and heal .This is n't true for only our Armed Forces .Consider the example of Singapore , a tiny country with a small but professional military .Nye himself once told me Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's response to the concept : '' I do n't know what ` soft power ' is . ''President Bush 's chintzy initial response to the tsunami implies that he does n't know quite what it is either .The problem with the hard-soft dichotomy itself is that it fails to take account of the soft-power potential of military helicopters and aircraft carriers .We live in an era not only of globalized information but also of the nearly $ 450 billion defense budget .The United States military is now an instrument of absolutely everything -- warfare , diplomacy , social policy , humanitarianism .It just depends how we deploy it .The critical attributes that make the U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln an instrument of persuasion rather than of coercion are , first , that it is being put to nonlethal use and , second and no less important , that it is advancing humanitarian ends -- that it is not directly serving American self-interest . ''This was an act of God , '' the Jakarta Post reporter quotes an American serviceman . ''We are here and happy to help . ''Soft power , in short , need not be squishy soft .The video showed the men , still alive , posed in front of a black banner emblazoned with the name of an Islamic terrorist group , Ansar al Sunna , that has claimed responsibility for many of the most brutal attacks of the war in the past year .They were then shown crouching before a stone wall , blindfolded , as their executioner approached from off camera and killed them with pistol shots to the back of the head .Earlier , the men confessed that they had been sent to the northern cities of Mosul and Erbil on an American contract to install computer communications for the elections .At least 11 other people were killed on Wednesday .Gunmen who attacked the Baghdad offices of a major Kurdish party , the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , killed one party member and wouned others , party officials said .Also in Baghdad , another car bomb aimed at an American convoy missed its target but killed four Iraqi bystanders .In Hilla , 60 miles south of Baghdad , an Iraqi policeman was killed in a car bombing , according to a Polish military spokesman .Much of the remaining violence was in northern Iraq , in Erbil , Dohuk , Kirkuk and Mosul .In a car bomb attack on an Iraqi military garrison on the site of Baghdad 's old Muthana inner-city airfield and another attack at a checkpoint on the perimeter of the heavily secured Baghdad International Airport , two Iraqi soldiers and two security guards were killed .The first attack , shortly after 7 a.m. , involved a truck packed with explosives that approached concrete barriers guarding the Australian Embassy compound in southern Baghdad .The American command said two Iraqis were killed .A spokesman for the American command , Lt. Col. James Hutton of the First Cavalry Division , said that none of the bombers Wednesday had reached their intended targets . ''While any loss of life is tragic , it could have been a lot worse , '' he said .Nevertheless , at the worst of the bombing sites there were deep craters , pools of blood , scattered human remains and shattered buildings .Near the Rafidain bank in the Etifiyah neighborhood of north-central Baghdad , where a bomb went off as policemen lined up for their salaries , a crumpled child 's bicycle lay near the center of the blast ; people there said a boy had been killed .The new United States-trained Iraqi Army , National Guard and police force have had hundreds of men killed in the past year .Now , American election plans depend on these forces protecting more than 5,500 polling places .The insurgents ' threats to Iraqis seen as working for or alongside the Americans were demonstrated on Wednesday in a video posted on an Islamic militant Web site of the killing of two Iraqi telecommunications technicians .It occurred to me that peacekeeping might be something to which Americans -- or at least the citizen-soldier reservists who are expected to fulfill these tasks -- might be peculiarly suited .Chirdon certainly had no doubt about the value of the work . ''I do n't know how there could be a better mission in the world than this , '' he said .The world is going to be seeing a lot of the American military in the coming years .Should n't we want people -- including the American people -- to see our soldiers without their guns or their body armor , to see that they have faces and even feelings ?Is n't that worth the price of peacekeeping entanglements ?Call me crazy , but I think people like Mike Chirdon constitute a more precious international currency than '' Desperate Housewives . ''THE WAY WE LIVE NOW : 1-30-05 : IDEA LAB James Traub , a contributing writer for the magazine , is at work on a book about the United Nations .The corps has had a much lower profile and has enjoyed some construction successes in Iraq .Its electrical projects have added more than 1,800 megawatts to the Iraqi grid , roughly the equivalent of two large power plants .But major corps projects , like huge waterway projects in the United States , have also been criticized as grandiose and unresponsive to local needs .And it was the Army corps that awarded Halliburton an early no-bid contract worth billions of dollars for work on Iraq 's oil fields , which opened the company to lashing criticism .Whether the corps will fare better than the project office is open to question , Mr. Barton said .Success in Iraq means engaging the local populace , he said , and '' that has n't been their strength even domestically . ''Brig. Gen. Thomas Bostick , commander of the Army corps in the Persian Gulf region , said that because the two organizations had been working hand-in-glove from the start , he did not regard the switch as a substantial change .Rather , he said , the project office , with its emphasis on planning , will slim down as more contracts moved into construction . ''I see this as a natural progression , '' General Bostick said . ''To say it 's going to change , and is going to change as a result of negative perception , is not correct . ''Insurgents on Tuesday released a Syrian Catholic archbishop they had snatched from the streets of Mosul the day before , but a few hours later a new hostage drama opened when eight Chinese construction workers were shown forlornly staring at a video camera with masked men pointing guns at their heads .Also , the Iraqi interior minister issued a bleak forecast , saying that unless enough people vote in the elections on Jan. 30 , the country would tear itself apart . ''If there are not good elections , we wo n't have a constitution , and there will be chaos , and we will have a civil war , '' the minister , Falah Hassan al-Naqib , said at a news conference in the heavily fortified Interior Ministry in Baghdad .Gunfire rattled behind him nearly the whole time he spoke .Mr. Naqib did not specify how much voter turnout would qualify as a good election .John D. Negroponte , the American ambassador to Iraq , said he was confident that '' elections can and will be conducted successfully , '' but he acknowledged that there was no end in sight to the insurgency and that American officials still did not know how big it was .Among American and Iraqi officials , estimates of the number of insurgents have fluctuated wildly , from the thousands , as the Pentagon has said , to the hundreds of thousands , as many Iraqi officials say .Right now , there are around 425 attacks a week in Iraq , according to American officials , nearly the same rate as six months ago .The newly released archbishop , Basile Georges Casmoussa , was in a jovial mood as he met with well-wishers at his Eastern Rite Catholic church in Mosul , a crime-ridden city in northern Iraq that contains one of Iraq 's larger Christian communities .Christians make up about 3 percent of Iraq 's total population .Just weeks after losing his world-famous winery , Robert Mondavi is going back into the wine business , briefly , with a surprising partner -- his brother Peter .It will be a small venture .But it will be the first public collaboration of the two nonagenarians since a legendary dispute some 40 years ago that prompted Robert to split with his family and start his own business .Together , Robert , 92 , and Peter , 90 , will produce a small barrel of wine -- 60 magnums to be exact -- to be sold next summer at the Napa Valley Auction , the California wine world 's premier social event .The lighthearted venture , arranged by the brothers ' winemaking sons , is heavy with symbolism , coming as it does so soon after the implosion of the Robert Mondavi Winery and its subsequent sale to Constellation Brands late last year for about $ 1 billion .It represents a formal healing of a breach that kept the two branches of the renowned wine family apart for almost half a century and it represents , too , a recognition that while the two factions may have stood for different ways of winemaking , they were in the long run , not as far apart as they once had thought .For the first time since his teenage years , Robert Mondavi has no formal connection to a winery .For his brother it is a vindication of sorts of his quieter style of running a major winery , in this case , the Charles Krug Winery , just up the road from the Robert Mondavi Winery in the Napa Valley .The Mondavi brothers ' father , Cesare , a grape shipper in the Central Valley , bought Charles Krug in 1943 for his sons to run .The sons bickered over how to run the business , culminating in the 1965 altercation .The contracting office and the projects it finances employ about 155 government workers in Baghdad and the United States , about 250 contractors in Iraq and just over 100,000 Iraqis who work on the construction itself .The contracting office said that 1,550 projects were currently under way , and that $ 2.4 billion had been spent , out of $ 13.95 billion committed specifically to reconstruction .( Some of the original $ 18.4 billion allocated by Congress has gone to the training of Iraqi security forces and other projects unrelated to construction . )The planned changes have not been disclosed publicly , but they have been discussed in staff meetings since at least September .Two former officials at the project office said that uncertainty over exactly who would be in charge of various projects had caused morale problems among some members of a staff that is already coping with work in an extremely dangerous place far from home .But one of the former officials said that by preventing the project office from becoming a permanent government institution , there was also a positive slant to the shift . ''This bureaucracy had n't settled in , '' the former official said . ''Everything was n't static .In some ways that was a benefit . ''Even with the changes , it is unlikely that the project office will vanish entirely over the next year , because some projects are still in the planning stages and because moving the dozens of government employees into new jobs will be a major task in itself .While the little Seahawks flying off the deck of the Abraham Lincoln carried modest loads , six giant Chinooks , provided by the Singapore Armed Forces with little fanfare , did a good deal of the heavy lifting : when a cargo plane ran into a water buffalo and blocked the landing strip at Banda Aceh , it was a Chinook that lowered the earth-moving machinery that shoved the plane out of the way .Singapore is , by tradition , a hard-power country , though its stature is not military but economic ( which Nye recognizes as a third , autonomous dimension of power ) .When I stopped off there on my way home , a friend said to me , '' The irony is that Lee Kuan Yew would never have done this . ''The tough-minded former prime minister thought , like Donald Rumsfeld seems to think , that charitable gestures were for sissies .But Lee 's very new successor , Lee Hsien Loong , has publicly committed Singapore to the task of rehabilitating the region .The United States will never win as much gratitude as feisty little Singapore .And in the age of global terrorism , our soldiers must always be prepared to fight .At the moment , in fact , the war in Iraq has put a huge strain on our forces .But reducing that commitment will make other choices possible .The need to respond to another epic disaster will not , God willing , come along for a good many years ; if we are to continue to deploy our hard-power resources in soft-power settings , it will mostly take the more familiar form of peacekeeping .Both Tony Blair , the British prime minister , and Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy raised the issue directly with President Bush in White House visits .The most recent pitch took place just before Christmas , when Mr. Berlusconi parried with Mr. Bush at a news conference , praising the quality of the Italian-designed aircraft . ''I can only say that I 've been flying these helicopters for 30 years and I am still here , '' said Mr. Berlusconi .In response , Mr. Bush said : '' And you 've never crashed .That 's a good start . ''In a more serious vein , Mr. Bush said that Mr. Berlusconi had emphasized that most of the work would be done in the United States . ''I understand the nature of U.S. jobs that will be created in the venture , '' he said , '' and I assured him the venture will be treated fairly . ''Both sides waged all-out publicity campaigns , with billboards , radio and magazine ads .They lined up politicians to press their cases , and some of them are taking credit for the Lockheed selection . ''I was pleased to have actively and aggressively supported Lockheed Martin , '' George E. Pataki , New York 's Republican governor , said yesterday .In a case involving John Nettle , a 45-year-old former vice president at General Mills , a letter prepared by U.S. Foodservice 's auditor stated that General Mills owed the company $ 13.44 million at the end of 2001 . ''In truth and in fact , General Mills owed U.S.F. less than $ 2.5 million , '' the government charged in court documents .Mr. Nettle is accused of signing the letter despite the false information .For 2002 , he signed a letter stating that General Mills owed U.S. Foodservice $ 36.64 million , although the amount was actually less than $ 1 million , according to the documents . ''As Nettle well knew , the $ 36.64 million figure was grossly overstated and General Mills did not owe that amount , '' the documents state .A lawyer for Mr. Nettle , William Michael , said his client '' was pressured into signing these letters and he is very sorry for what this has caused his former employer as well as his family . ''He said that Mr. Nettle planned to plead guilty .Two of the defendants have been charged with securities fraud and obstruction of a federal investigation .Mark Bailin , who was president of Rymer International Seafood , and Peter Marion , president of Maritime Seafood Processors , are accused of buying U.S. Foodservice stock in 2000 , ahead of the company 's announcement that it was being acquired by Royal Ahold .They made about $ 1.5 million in illegal profits , according to court documents .The explanation for less American government participation than in past years -- that this forum came at an awkward time just before the State of the Union address -- makes some sense .And there were Americans here , like John A. Thain , the chief executive of the New York Stock Exchange , who gently suggested that the current-account deficit would decline if Europe grew faster .Some Americans are listening .William H. Donaldson , the chairman of the S.E.C. , gave a speech in London this week that dealt with some of the concerns , indicating the commission may delay enforcing rules against foreign companies that trade in the United States and may make it easier for foreign companies already registered in the United States to withdraw .The rule that has both American and foreign companies complaining is Section 404 , which requires extensive reviews of internal controls in companies to assure they are effective -- and says outside auditors must certify the controls . ''It was an enormous , expensive exercise , '' Mr. Vasella said in an interview . ''It raised the question , for my employees , ` Is the trust broken ? 'because you control everything . ''Novartis has complied with the rule .The chief executive of PricewaterhouseCoopers , Samuel A. DiPiazza Jr. , estimated that 10 percent of large American companies would fail to comply this year , either because they could not complete the work on time or because material problems were found .In his 2002 book , '' The Paradox of American Power , '' Joseph S. Nye Jr. , the scholar and former Pentagon official , famously distinguishes between '' hard '' and '' soft '' power .The first is the power to coerce , largely through military might ; the second , the power to co-opt through such '' intangible '' factors as culture , values and institutions ( the media , churches , schools and so forth ) .In an era of globalized information , Nye observes , the power to persuade has become almost as important as the power to compel , and he criticizes American policy makers for their single-minded focus on brute force .Where , in this taxonomy , do we put the images we saw in recent weeks of United States Navy helicopter pilots aboard the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln ferrying supplies to victims of the tsunami in the Indonesian province of Aceh ?Is that hard power with a human face ?Soft power in a flak jacket ?Whatever it is , it produces an inherently attractive narrative .I arrived in Indonesia 11 days after the disaster hit , and in that day 's Jakarta Post , the capital 's chief English-language daily , I read a long and reverent profile of the American pilots bearing the headline , '' U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln Enjoys Aceh Humanitarian Mission . ''As the Bush administration tries to blunt the hostility fostered by four years of swaggering belligerence , it should think about reconfiguring Nye 's parlor-game-cum-political-theory to its own purposes .We know all too well that this administration does not do soft .President Bush arrived in office so profoundly opposed to peacekeeping that he scarcely bothered with post-conflict planning in Iraq .He has , however , lived to rue that decision .And he has not withdrawn American peacekeepers from the ongoing NATO operation in Kosovo .Of course , you ca n't get much publicity value from an operation scarcely anyone knows about .And in any case peacekeepers ca n't cure what ails Kosovo in the way that air-dropped medical supplies can solve the immediate problems of Aceh .But I would n't simply dismiss the soft-power virtues of peacekeeping .Last year I spent a day on patrol with the American contingent in Kosovo .I had been told that the Americans never unshouldered their weapons , doffed their wraparound sunglasses , broke formation and so on .And yet the squad leader , Staff Sgt. Mike Chirdon , a 32-year-old carpenter from Altoona , Pa. , passed an hour teaching an impromptu civics class in a school he regularly visited and then hung out in a cafe to glean intelligence from the locals .Neither the Italian nor the French soldiers I also spent time with had anything like the relationship with ordinary people that Chirdon had ; he was a wildly popular figure .The value of the share price could be higher , '' Mr. Hommen said in an interview .The stock buyback '' seems like a good investment in our own company , '' he said , adding , '' It 's a better way to use our cash than letting it sit in a 1 or 2 percent account '' generating interest .Gerard J. Kleisterlee , the chief executive , said in an interview that Philips would allocate a bigger chunk of its budget to increasing the company 's name and brand recognition in the United States this year .The company did not release performance figures for its long-suffering consumer electronics business in the United States , but indicated that things were improving .An official of Philips once threatened to stop selling consumer electronics in the United States altogether if the company could not make a profit . ''We are n't considering closing it , so you can draw your own conclusions , '' Mr. Kleisterlee said in an interview . ''We are comfortable with where we are . ''Philips said it was guardedly optimistic about the coming year , but remained concerned about the fragility of world economies .Most of the executives are expected to plead guilty , he said at a news conference , adding that none of the companies they worked for have been charged with wrongdoing .The investigation is continuing , '' upstream and downstream , '' he said .All of the executives have also been named in a civil case brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission , which accuses them of aiding and abetting a financial fraud .Promotional allowances are intended to be used to help sell a manufacturer 's goods to consumers , through discounts , displays or advertising , and they often add up to large amounts of money .U.S. Foodservice would pay the price of goods up front , as part of its costs , then book promotional allowances as assets in its records , according to court documents .Exaggerating the promotional allowances , sometimes by a factor of 30 or more , not only made U.S. Foodservice look like a better business than it was , but also improved the financial appearance of its parent , Royal Ahold .Royal Ahold , a publicly traded company based in the Netherlands , revealed in February 2003 that it had overstated earnings by at least $ 500 million over the previous two years .The figure was later revised to $ 880 million .Royal Ahold said much of the overstatement came from promotional allowances recorded by U.S. Foodservice .A host of executives , including the top management of Royal Ahold , resigned .She is not posturing . ''Ms. Boxer has been source of political frustration for California Republicans , who have been unable to defeat her despite her liberal voting record and her prominent role as a legislative leader on protecting abortion rights .She rolled up a 20 percentage point win in November over the Republican challenger , Bill Jones , and accumulated just under seven million votes , the highest total ever for a senator . ''She said on election night that she was not going to be afraid to stand alone , '' said David Sandretti , her chief spokesman .Jack Pitney , a political science professor at Claremont McKenna College and a former Republican operative in Washington , said : '' She has always portrayed herself as a fighter and this is part of her personality .This aggressive critic of the powers that be is the role for which she was born . ''Ms. Boxer 's split with Dianne Feinstein , her fellow Democratic senator from California , on Ms. Rice 's suitability to be secretary of state was stark : Ms. Feinstein introduced the nominee to the committee in laudatory terms . ''The people of California elected two separate senators , '' Ms. Boxer said . ''We are not joined at the hip .We do n't always agree . ''